1. Describe the probelm generics address
generics allows us to create class, interface, or methods that can work with any data type. Instead of 
defining a method or class for a specific data type, with genenrics, you can define them for any data type 
that satisfies certain constraints. This allows for greater flexibility and resuability of code. 
2. How would you create a list of strings, using the generic list class?
To create a list of strings, we can do this : List<string> mystring = new List<string>();
3. How many generic type parameters does the Dictionay class have?
There are tow generic type patameters. The first parameter specifies the type of keys in the dictionary and 
the second parameter specifies the type of the values associated with those keys.
4.True/False. When a generic class has multiple type parameters, they must all match 
Answer: False. They do not have to match. Eatch type parameter can have its own type
5. What method is used to add items to a List Object?
Add()
6.Name two methods that cause items to be removed from a List:
Remove(): removes the first occurrence of a specified object from the List;
RemoveAt(): removes the element at the specified index from the List;
7. How do you indicate that a class has a generic type parameter:
Usually , the class has a genetic type parameter like this:
class MyClass<T> 
8. True/False. Generic classes can only have one generic type parameter.
False.Generic classes can have multiple generic type parameters.
9.True/False. Generic type constraints limit what can be used for the generic type.
True. Generic type constraints allow you to limit the types that can be used for the generic type parameter.
10. True/False, Constraints let you use the methods of the thing you are constrainning to.
True. Constraints on a generic type parameter in C# let you specify that the parameter must implement certain 
interfaces or inherit from certain classes, and this allows you to use the methods of those interfaces or classes
within your generic class or method.
